I was wrong Li Ce
I know I'm wrong, I'll change it.
No.
You and I have long since made a clean break
I still care about you.
It's completely Shou Xuanxuan's face
I will be responsible for Xuanxuan's medical expenses
But don't pester me with no face or skin
Li Ce
Dad?
The national thief has been eradicated
The Führer has proven for you
The lobster finally has a green sky
Your revenge has finally been avenged
I actually often wonder
If you hadn't stood up for that boy
But run away with me
How nice it would be
Until I saw that boy
The boy you saved
He has stood alone
Be the hero of our entire downstairs
I can understand you too
In a mortal body
Change the future of the entire downstairs
Lobster because of soldiers like you
Forward with weight
Will be so prosperous
This is what your father left behind
Now it's time to return it to its original owner
No, this ring belongs to you
This ring symbolizes the peace of the lobster
Now only you are qualified to wear it.
You still have a mission to complete
We have a long way to go.
Long Shuai foreign coalition forces invaded Ergang
Linze, go ahead
I will continue to wait for you where I am.
Leave the border
God and ghost proceed